Add Identity Admin and Audit Logs Setting Roles (#5808)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/org-management/teams-and-roles/roles-reference.md

| Upstream Admin | Access to configure upstreams for an existing runtime group. |
| Vault Admin | Access to configure vaults for an existing runtime group. |

## Administration

| Role                        | Description  |
|-----------------------------|--------------|
| Identity Management | Access to users, teams, system accounts, tokens, IdP configurations, and authentication settings. |

> | Audit Logs Setup | Access to configuring web-hooks to receive region-specific audit logs and to trigger audit logs replays. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Audit Logs Setup | Access to configuring webhooks to receive region-specific audit logs and to trigger audit log replays. |
```
